The Emperor has passed away.
Guards, bring the prisoner before me!
Let go of me! Let go of me!
You vile woman! How dare you poison me?
I will exterminate your entire family!
Su Qingyun, you despicable woman!
What are you going to do?
Imperial Consort Yan attempted to assassinate the Emperor; her crime is unforgivable.
I didn’t! How dare you slander me?
I am the Emperor’s most favored consort!
So what if you are a favored consort?
Have you forgotten the things you’ve done?
I am still the Empress!
But I’m puzzled...
The Emperor favored you so much...
...that he even abolished the burial customs for you.
So why did you poison him?
Hahaha...
Love me?
He loves me?
If he truly loved me...
...he wouldn’t have let you become the Empress.
I became Empress by the decree of the Empress Dowager.
It was the will of the people.
Killing the Emperor...
...is already a lenient punishment for you.
Do it, Su Qiuyu!
You dare? The Prince of De will be here soon!
You will die a horrible death!
You’re dead!
Haha...
My lord...
Even as a ghost...
...I won’t spare you.
Then go tell that to the Emperor.
I’ve heard everything.
Well done, Empress.
Did she really kill the Emperor because of her jealousy over the Empress?
Such a cruel heart.
Forget it. Our priority now is to arrange the state funeral...
...and support a prince who can be controlled to ascend the throne.
As for this royal scandal...
...we’ll investigate it later.
The dog Emperor and Consort Yan killed each other...
...and I’m the one who benefits.
I’ve achieved my goal of ruling from behind the curtain.
Now, I can finally enjoy a peaceful retirement. Hahaha...
Your Majesty, Your Majesty!
Your Majesty, Your Majesty, Your Majesty!
Something terrible has happened!
Prince Dong'an has rebelled!
He’s already leading his troops to the palace gates.
What?
Your Majesty!
The Empress, overcome with grief, has followed the Emperor to the afterlife.
The Empress mourned the Emperor deeply.